there will be changes I don't know if I
have an exact number yet we'll need to
see how some guys feel today but all
along we we looked at this camp and
these two games as an opportunity to see
some different players as well so now
obviously the other day we had a chance
in the second half to see Juan and Timmy
and so that was a good thing but there's
some others and so you know I I think
both in terms of the starting lineup and
then possibly the way we choose to sub
we only use to the other the other night
because we felt that was a big game and
that the group in the second half was
responding well but I think in other
ways for this game it'll be very
different I think the most important
thing for these fixtures is this
replicates what qualifying looks like a
lot of times where you play a very
important game and quickly you have to
turn around and mentally emotionally and
physically recover so this is a good
exercise in that way from the Argentine
game every game looks different and when
you play Argentina or Brazil or Spain
it's going to look different than when
you play most teams in the world so we
understand that we felt like we got
better from the first half to the second
half we got better and I think we all
know that we can be a better for longer
stretches of the game and that'll
certainly be an emphasis and we're
playing a team that's a very good team a
team that came off a good world cup
performance and we know it's going to be
a hard game but um we'd certainly need
to improve on on Saturday we understand
that
we go in knowing that this paraguay team
has landed mentioned played well in the
world cup they're well coached and and
they have a like argentina and they have
a strong mentality you know they're uh
they're a team that understands how to
play and puts a lot into it so it'll be
a good game